Xu Xian
Don't go too far
I am the veteran of the company, why do you change it?
Let me see for myself. You rule out the opposite sex.
Harassment of female employees
Evidence of embezzlement of company funds
I'll give you two options now one
I'll send you in to remodel two
Get out of the company yourself
I'll roll myself
Former Vice President of Director Ma
The new branch manages the delivery.
Ah no
i
Withdraw difficult test
Initiative is good
Everyone here
I know people have been writing envelopes over the years
I shouldn't understand
After the matter is over
Take the initiative to explain to me
I'm in.
Metro Group
Some people still think
Is Qi Tian not managing the company well?
No no no no no
Good meeting adjourned
Wait a minute.
crescent moon
You are also the president of the group